docs: show off our tools in the README (#1308)
web3-storage/web3.storage: README.md

<h1 align="center">⁂<br/>web3.storage</h1>
<p align="center">The simple file storage service for IPFS &amp; Filecoin.</p>

## Usage

Store your files with web3.storage and retrieve them via their unique Content ID. Our tools make it simple to hash your content locally, so you can verify the service only ever stores the exact bytes you asked us to. Pick the method of using with web3.storage that works for you!

### Website

> Create an account via https://web3.storage and upload right from the website using our uploader. Under the hood it use the web3.storage client we publish to npm to chunk and hash your files to calculate the root IPFS CID **in your browser** before sending them to https://api.web3.storage.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Create an account via https://web3.storage and upload right from the website using our uploader. Under the hood it uses the web3.storage client that we publish to npm to chunk and hash your files to calculate the root IPFS CID **in your browser** before sending them to https://api.web3.storage.
```
